README.md, before:

# Classic Snake game for web. Just for fun ;)

### How to play?
Press one of the Arrow keys to start the game.

### What if the game is over?
If you want to play again, press 'Ok' else press the 'Cancel' button.

### Installation
I suggest running the application through a simple web server. If you have Homebrew installed on your system, open your favorite Terminal and run the following command:

```sh
$ brew install nginx
```
Copy the source codes to NGINX's root folder, start NGINX and call the root folder with your favorite browser via the port you are running NGINX on.

Sample:
```sh
http://127.0.0.1:[PORT_NUMBER]/index.html
```

### Important Notice
> I made this simple snake game for my 6-year-old daughter to both love software development and have fun.
> I'll continue to make minor improvements as I find the time.

### Development
Want to contribute? Great! If you would like to contribute, you can submit a Pull Request.

### Some Future Improvements
- Develop level logic
- Make a simple scoreboard
- Show level and number of hunts in the leaderboard
- Convert the confirm box at the end of the game to a simple modal

## License
MIT

**Free Software!**

Commit message:

Add more details to README file

README.md, after:

# Classic Snake Game for the Web.

### Installation
I suggest running the application through a simple web server. If you have Homebrew installed on your system, open your favorite Terminal and run the following command:

```sh
$ brew install nginx
```
Copy the source codes to NGINX's root folder, start NGINX and call the root folder with your favorite browser via the port you are running NGINX on.

Sample:
```sh
http://127.0.0.1:[PORT_NUMBER]/index.html
```
### How to play?
Press one of the Arrow keys to start the game.

### What if the game is over?
If you want to play again, press 'Ok' else press the 'Cancel' button.

### Development
Want to contribute? Great! If you would like to contribute, you can submit a Pull Request.

### Some Future Improvements
- Develop level logic
- Make a simple scoreboard
- Show level and number of hunts in the leaderboard
- Convert the confirm box at the end of the game to a simple modal
- Visually improve the design
- Make a more attractive interface for kids in the moving elements of the game

### Important Notice
I made this simple snake game for my 6-year-old daughter to both love software development and have fun. I'll continue to make minor improvements as I find the time. There may be some bugs. If you tell, I'll fix it or you can contribute to fixing bugs that you find and improving the game.

## License
MIT

**Free Software, just for fun ;)**
